v1:
 x Write and Design the code
 x Test Offline, Non-Archipelago Shuffle mode (seems good?)
 x Test archipelago generation (generates successfully)
 x Test buffs and integrations via mock
 x Test Loot Shuffler
 x Run server and Connect to Client
 X Test that level mods and qeffects are restricted to the archipelago campaign
 x Test In Full Archipelago
   x Test Stat Adjustments
     x Start of Turn (weapons)
     x Start of Combat (Level)
   x Test sending locations
   x Test getting items
   x Test Deathlink
   x Test loot and encounter shuffle settings
   x Test completing game
   x Test archipelago log and chat messages
 x Write the Readme
 x Test Offline Progress tracking & Save/Resume

v1.1:
 x Version Mismatch Check
 x Encounter Order Options
 x Harmony Dll Conflict
 x Add "Gameplay Considerations" section of readme to steam description

v1.2:
 x Integrate Profane Barrier DLC
   x Build means to check existence of and load from dlc dll
   x Add DLC campaign metadata to archipelago
   x Design and add new loot bonuses
   x Make campaign selection options
   x Implement merged campaign
   x Test DLC/merged campaigns in an archipelago
 x Remove offline mode from official release. (add debug mode - only in build)
 x bugs:
   x Heaven is empty and last? (level 7/8 not splitting correctly)
     x Chapters are opened by cutscenes and encounters, not by narration. Need mechanism to address this
   x Find a seed to use such that fine? does not re-randomize (should use world seed)

v1.3 The Runestone, Shield, and Notifications Update:
 x Determine means by which to handle runes
 x Add custom rune attachment logic to allow any rune to be attached to all weapons
 x Add custom item equip rules to block equipping items for which you have less potency than the equipped runes.
 x Test rune equip rules
 x Update shield hardness with armor runes
 x Test automatic shield hardness system
 x Implement "drop fundamental runes" archipelago alternate setting
 x Test that rune drops work
 x Add an Icon to AP Campaign
 x Make AP updates more immediate
   x Add Toasts
   x Make messages happen every single turn (not just player)
 x Automatically filtered shop contents (needs test)
 x Do full merged campaign test w stop/starts in standard rune mode
 x Bug: merged campaign in simple balance mode ran out of level 4 encounters
 x Bug: Merged Campaign's ending level was incorrect
 x Bug: Items are not cleared from the queue if recieved before the game began
 x Find way to close archipelago connection automatically when game is closed?
 - Bug: Sometimes on first load, items show runes as "inactive" in equipment screen (wont fix)

v1.4 More Random Stuff:
 x 1.3.2 bugfixes:
   w Rework property runes to use fixed ingorelimit trait (did not work, keep current implementation)
   x Fix possible crashes on connection
     x Unparsable server address
     x Use placeholder connection values if nothing is entered
     x Server client mismatch (v1.1 world & new mod)
 x Strike/Spell actions must be unlocked.
   x Write generator rule to ensure we get stride + interact on someone early.
   x automatically give someone "interact" at the start?
 x Option to Include Random Encounters in pool. (RandomEnounterModePhase.cs as reference)
   x Can pad archipelago size by adding more of these
   x Need to allow players to select a maximum difficulty (extreme+++ encounters which expect custom builds should be opt-in only)
   x Check that random encounter filtering options are working
   x Test that it respects modded content
 x Add setting and means to randomize loot (use Items.ShopItems)
   x Restrictions to Within Category, Within Item Level, Both, or Neither (Chaos)
   x Ensure it works, and respects modded item rule
 x Make the item pool automatically grow/shrink to the options.
   x Determine Filler Items
     x Make Loot Bag Contents
     x Figure out how to ban modded items, or update documentation if i cannot
   x Trap items
   X Make double up drops for when we have too many items.
   x Test Bonus Encounter Management, with and without padding.
 x Improve progression balancing - make level gated regions in archipelago?
 x Made Item Bonuses apply more immediatley.
 x Merge & test 1.3.2
   x Integrate IgnoreItemPropertyLimit trait
   x Ap connection fixes merged
 x Refactor item filter logic so there's less repeated code
 x Add Good Little Children (why not)
 x Fix "Final Encounter" credits.
 x Test if always on bonuses make runes work. (Does not)
 x Improve the Setup Menu:
   x Fix overlapping status text
   x Add keyboard shortcuts for buttons
 x Update Readme
   x Explain Progression balancing
   x Explain padding / filler rules
   w Document Notable Settings (its in the yaml)
   x Review formatting and spelling somewhere.
 x Implementation Bugs:
   x Non-Shuffle w Extra did not add the Extra
   x We dont have enough padding encounters if every single option is turned on in DD, make sure this is handled
   x Loot shuffle seems suspicious?
   x The final encounter is no longer the final encounter
   x Modded items still showing up in store, despite mod tag filter
   w Make shield scaling apply to other shields - (wontfix) we replace shields, not modify hardness. basically impossible for mod shields.
   x Loot Bag not awarded (possibly fixed)
   x Did not add double up bonus check at any point
   x Final dusk was in module 2 with shulffle as 1 lvl max - level up stop happened b4 dawnsbury stop - should be fixed now
   x Figure out how to handle end of module checks more robustly than "narration" - level ups or very last encounter?
   w Final encounter can get double ups (wontfix)
   x Did not give skill bonuses as filler, possibly fixed?
   x Should not restrict +1 etc. items in runs without item bonus scaling.
   x Suspect level 4 (ilvl 7) scroll drop in dd (i think they just give high ilvl stuff sometimes)
   x Replacement weapon pool is not deep, add special case handling so we dont always get staff of healing
   x Having too many encounters front loads the bonus pool - nice, but out of logic
   x Archipelago splits bonuses modularly among regions, instead of in order.
   x "Final" encounter was actually not last (because of two cutscene encounters)
 x Tests
   x Run full runthru of super (merged + everything) campaign - once i have a wall outlet.
   x Test no padding run with lots of stuff.
   x Todo: check type match rando with upcast scrolls (should be some heal+ in long campaign, use keep both item rando setting)
   x Todo: re-test loot bags after legal item Rewrite
   x Todo: re-test we respect banned runes in a no-rando run
   x Test Backwards Compatibility (w internet to dl old apworlds)
   x Test: state check item bonuses & trained skill restriction
   x Test: check loot bag again
   x Test: Type Match Scroll generation w (x) and without level match
 x Remove Debug Auto-Win

v1.5 Further Campaigns:
 - Play the newest campaign casually.
 - Add Four leaf clover
 - Add greater striking rune bonuses (watch Automatic Bonus Progression)
 - Test if ABP weapon striking qeffect that affects weapon properties can scale down too.

Ideas for future versions:
 x Add option to apply level ups more evenly (all at once?). - progression balancing does this.
 - Roguelike Integration? (let it handle its own encounter order and loot, but can do level scaling - ask dev for collab)
 - Add common reference file to synchronize location/item ids between apworld and mod
 - Add EVEN MORE Locations and Rewards
   - Need to be granular so as to avoid awarding 10 checks on level clear
   - Achievements are a good source of potential checks, but need to be filtered
   - Investigate per enemy rewards
 - Forced character builds?
   - Use pool of builds sourced from community, respecting installed mods.

Random Small Bugs:
 x Archipealgo button on-hover tooltip is missing - fixed w button hook
 - Spell prep menu is the incorrect level because arhcipelago treats chars as max level outside of encounters.